@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/42/jl/res/layout/flyoutcontent.xml
@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/42/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
alpha;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/2/jl/res/anim/sfchart_fade_in.xml
alpha;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/2/jl/res/anim/sfchart_fade_out.xml
alpha;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/42/jl/res/anim/enterfromleft.xml
alpha;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/42/jl/res/anim/exittoleft.xml
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/42/jl/res/layout/flyoutcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/42/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/42/jl/res/layout/shellcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/42/jl/res/layout/bottomtablayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/42/jl/res/layout/flyoutcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/42/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/42/jl/res/layout/shellcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/42/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout;obj/Debug/res/layout/tabbar.xml
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/42/jl/res/layout/flyoutcontent.xml
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/42/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/42/jl/res/layout/shellcontent.xml
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar;obj/Debug/res/layout/toolbar.xml
color;obj/Debug/res/values/colors.xml
Com.Syncfusion.Charts.ChartAnnotationRenderer;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/2/jl/res/layout/chart_layout.xml
Com.Syncfusion.Charts.ChartAxisRenderer;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/2/jl/res/layout/chart_layout.xml
Com.Syncfusion.Charts.ChartBehaviorRenderer;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/2/jl/res/layout/chart_layout.xml
com.syncfusion.charts.ChartLegendIconView;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/2/jl/res/layout/chart_legend_item.xml
com.syncfusion.charts.ChartLegendItemsLayout;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/2/jl/res/layout/chart_legend.xml
Com.Syncfusion.Charts.ChartLegendLayout;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/2/jl/res/layout/chart_layout.xml
com.syncfusion.charts.ChartLegendScrollView;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/2/jl/res/layout/chart_legend.xml
com.syncfusion.charts.ChartLegendTitleView;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/2/jl/res/layout/chart_legend.xml
Com.Syncfusion.Charts.ChartRootLayout;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/2/jl/res/layout/chart_layout.xml
Com.Syncfusion.Charts.ChartStripLinesRenderer;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/2/jl/res/layout/chart_layout.xml
Com.Syncfusion.Charts.ChartTitle;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/2/jl/res/layout/chart_layout.xml
Com.Syncfusion.Charts.GridLinesRenderer;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/2/jl/res/layout/chart_layout.xml
Com.Syncfusion.Charts.SeriesRenderer;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/2/jl/res/layout/chart_layout.xml
Com.Syncfusion.Charts.TechnicalIndicatorRenderer;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/2/jl/res/layout/chart_layout.xml
Com.Syncfusion.Rangenavigator.GridLinesRenderer;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/2/jl/res/layout/range_navigator_layout.xml
Com.Syncfusion.Rangenavigator.LabelsRenderer;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/2/jl/res/layout/range_navigator_layout.xml
Com.Syncfusion.Rangenavigator.ThumbRenderer;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/2/jl/res/layout/range_navigator_layout.xml
FrameLayout;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/2/jl/res/layout/chart_layout.xml
FrameLayout;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/2/jl/res/layout/range_navigator_layout.xml
FrameLayout;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/42/jl/res/layout/bottomtablayout.xml
HorizontalScrollView;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/2/jl/res/layout/chart_legend.xml
item;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/42/jl/res/values/styles.xml
item;obj/Debug/res/values/styles.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/2/jl/res/layout/chart_legend.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/2/jl/res/layout/chart_legend_item.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/42/jl/res/layout/bottomtablayout.xml
RelativeLayout;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/2/jl/res/layout/range_navigator_layout.xml
resources;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/2/jl/res/values/strings.xml
resources;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/42/jl/res/values/styles.xml
resources;obj/Debug/res/values/colors.xml
resources;obj/Debug/res/values/styles.xml
scale;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/2/jl/res/anim/sfchart_scale_in.xml
scale;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/2/jl/res/anim/sfchart_scale_out.xml
set;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/2/jl/res/anim/sfchart_fade_in.xml
set;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/2/jl/res/anim/sfchart_fade_out.xml
set;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/2/jl/res/anim/sfchart_scale_in.xml
set;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/2/jl/res/anim/sfchart_scale_out.xml
set;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/42/jl/res/anim/enterfromleft.xml
set;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/42/jl/res/anim/enterfromright.xml
set;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/42/jl/res/anim/exittoleft.xml
set;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/42/jl/res/anim/exittoright.xml
string;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/2/jl/res/values/strings.xml
style;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/42/jl/res/values/styles.xml
style;obj/Debug/res/values/styles.xml
TextView;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/2/jl/res/layout/chart_legend_item.xml
translate;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/42/jl/res/anim/enterfromleft.xml
translate;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/42/jl/res/anim/enterfromright.xml
translate;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/42/jl/res/anim/exittoleft.xml
translate;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/42/jl/res/anim/exittoright.xml
xamarin.forms.platform.android.appcompat.FormsViewPager;/Users/julienverheijen/Documents/School/Proftaak/Project map/CarbonFootprint/CarbonFootprint.Android/obj/Debug/lp/42/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
